Multi-Org API error note (#6454)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/api/usage/usage_multi_org.md

## Get usage across your multi-org account

> Get usage across your multi-org account. This action may **only** be processed on the parent organization. Using this call on a child organization will result in `{"errors": ["Access was denied to this resource."]}`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Get usage across your multi-org account. This action may **only** be processed on the parent organization. Using this call on a child organization results in `{"errors": ["Access was denied to this resource."]}`.
```
